User Stories
Nina
Nina is a full-time college student who is visiting the city to go see her Aunt Dorothy who just moved into her new apartment. She knows that her Aunt Dorothy loves flowers. She spot an ad on the train advertising a flower shop. She decides to check out the website on her phone to see if it is close to where her Aunt lives. Nina finds the website on her phone and looks up the address. The flower shop is in the same direction as her Aunt’s apartment; it is twenty minutes from the apartment. Nina pulls up the site again to check out the prices and have a quick look at what’s in season. Nina decided to stop by the shop and buy her aunt flowers when she get off the train.

Julian
Julian is a father of three who is planning a special night for his wife Heather. She has been working a lot lately and he wants to give a surprise dinner. He specially ordered his wife’s favorite flowers a week ago and plans to pick it up after work. He receives as email from the flower shop two hours before the end of his shift that the order fell through. He is incredibly disappointed by this news. Julian talks to a friend who is also a co-worker about this news. The friend remembers that his sister, an event planner, relies on only one flower shop for her event needs. The friend texts his sister asking about the shop. The sister replies with the name of the shop. Julian calls the shop for more info. He is able to book another order. Julian is relieved and plans to pick the order up before he goes home. 

Sarah
Sarah just got a job working for someone she has admired for a long time. She gets the task of ordering flowers for an event the company is having. She checks the flower shop website she has been recommended for its hours and decides to call them later in the day. Sarah finally calls and orders the flowers to the event. The entire purchase is also emailed to her. One of her supervisors comes to check on the order. Sarah confirms that she has ordered everything. The supervisor tells her that the boss is very picky and the flowers have to be grown organically because he is very sensitive. Sarah quickly checks the website to see if the flowers are grown organically. She see that they are not but the site has a section for organically grown flowers. She quickly calls the flower shop to see if she can change the order. The shop allows her to change the order only because Sarah called again that same day. If she had called the next day, they would have charged her a fee. 
